# This Weeks Accomplishments: July 14th - August 1st, 2025

## This Week's Focus:

### Things I Did This Week:

- [x] Read some programming articles on my reading list backlog
- [x] Read some embedded software articles, also from my reading list backlog
- [x] Write a blog post (about my motivation to use PlatformIO over Arduino IDE)
- [X] Program a simple arduino project, like a button press counter


### Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- [ ] Finish Reading [Code: The Hidden Language of Computer Hardware and Software](https://www.codehiddenlanguage.com/Chapter00/)
- [ ] Finish Reading [Search Inside Yourself](https://www.amazon.com/Search-Inside-Yourself-Unexpected-Achieving/dp/0062116932)
- [ ] Set up my raspberry pi
- [ ] Do some journaling
- [ ] Get two PR's pushed in Glowrift-Duskhall (open-source project)
- [ ] Write another Arduino program, this time incorporating other parts like maybe a motor
- [ ] Finish a simple project (~4 hours?) showcasing WebGL
- [ ] Look into how other people have added animations to their websites

### Additional Things I Did:

- [x] Write a blog post
- [x] Put two hours into studying C++ (3 so far)
- [x] Put two hours into studying WebGL (2 so far)
- [x] Set up Alpine linux on raspberry pi

## Next Week's Focus: 

## Things I'll Do Next Week:

- [ ] Get two PR's pushed in Glowrift-Duskhall (open-source project)
- [ ] Write another Arduino program, this time incorporating other parts like maybe a motor
- [ ] Finish a simple project (~4 hours?) showcasing WebGL
- [ ] Look into how other people have added animations to their websites

### 2 Weeks in Review

I'll be the first to admit, I dropped the ball somewhat the last two weeks. The first week went fine, but I didn't do enough of the things I wanted to do. I was doing a lot of studying though. 

The following week, the last of July, I actually went camping. It was a lot of fun and I got to see a few friends I hadn't seen since college. I was hoping the trip was gonna be thought-provoking and enlightening as I took in the beauty and serenity of nature. Although it was a great break from programming, I wasn't able to completely put programming out of my head, and I didn't have the epiphany I desired. But it was nevertheless nice, to not have to worry about getting things done and speeding to the next goal, but rather just take it slow and breath.